Add Vista shield icon to Configure context menu
---
Does NoLowDiskSpaceChecks setting work for Vista?
---
When the registraton information is entered from a non-monitor thread set a global signal to cause all monitor instances to close & restart so the reg changes take effect.
---
When monitoring, regarless of the next tip time, if the disk space is 
somewhat lower than the last time, report it again after a much shorter 
period.

If the disk space is very low, can we add an overlay icon "!" and make it 
red to indicate urgency?

___

Would it be possible to update this program and allow a configurable Sound with repeating option to be added when thresholds are met ?

-Configurable WAV file Alarm for Warnings.
-Repeating option for Warnings ie Repeat WAV every 0-60mins.
-Abiltiy to choose which HDs to Warn on Low Space.
-Ability to choose network Drives on LAN or WAN and how often to check. This allows one server to monitor its whole Network.
-Smart space Warning - Have the program calculate how long till space will run out.


Thanks very much David for your reply. It seems the software market is severely lacking in the HD space monitoring. I'm a heavy P2P user and often run out of HD space. I'd appreciate an audible warning including all the options i've stated above. My last thought was spur of the moment - it would be great to know at any time just how many minutes/hours I had till i run out of space again.
In my searching i found the following s/w, whilst its great, i think it can be improved upon in many ways.
http://www.freemeter.us
Its major downfall is no monitoring of LAN/WAN HDs.

___

Yes in my own usage a Server uses Radmin to administer Clients on 
the LAN/WAN , instead of flicking through several screens checking 
your s/w is still running and hard drve space is still ample , it could 
alert Administrators of pending low space on any Hard Drives.

While i'm brainstorming, it would also be very informative if your software 
could alert to any programs that have crashed , again with repeating 
audible alerts.

As an after thought i think it would be great if visible flashing alerts on 
screen could also be an added choice for those not wanting sound or 
deaf people.
Heres another idea - I've seen s/w flash num-lock lights etc for alerts.

___
TRENDING.... ****
There are many disk space monitoring tools that can send low free space warnings.
Storage management is much more than just that! Only Disk Space Manager can show
you why your disk space is low. 

If we record the disk space accumulated by each folder on a disk drive over a period of time, we could trend the information and work out where it's growing.
---

